{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue10;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c3922;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 To whom it may concern,
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 My name is Sophie Creutz and as a certified K-12 music educator, I am interested in being a substitute teacher for school district 112.  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 My philosophy of education is that every child is capable of finding their own personal success. I believe that education is a means to self-actualization and that education is more than just learning content, although this is part of the process. Education is about personal growth and well-being and becoming a well-rounded citizen. I aim to tailor my content and instruction to reach every child in a lasting and meaningful way, bringing them together in community in that process. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 My professional experience involves my expertise as a music teacher.  As a music teacher, I have taught at Shepard Middle School, Stevenson High School, South Loop Elementary School, Highland school in Indiana, and Sherwood Community Music School. In my teaching I draw from the pedagogies of Kodaly, Orff and Education through Music, and I love creating engaging curriculum for diverse groups.   I have also worked as a day-to-day substitute in Chicago Public Schools.  
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf3 \strokec3 I admire district 112\'92s commitment to making education accessible to everyone and to fostering intellectual inquiry from a young age. I admire their attention to having the resources and support a teacher needs to succeed in the classroom including the incorporation of technology. I appreciate the school\'92s focus on being a community leader, which is something I value as well. I believe my skill-set would be an excellent addition to this environment. 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf3 \strokec3 Thank you for your time and consideration. Sophie Creutz\uc0\u8232 336-413-6015\u8232 BMUS Northwestern 2011 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf3 \strokec3 MMED VanderCook 2017 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
}