{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh7920\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I believe that fun is essential to a meaningful classroom experience.  When I work with students, I try my hardest to ensure they are engaged at all times, and work to develop a rapport with my students.  I believe that when students are committed to a fun-first learning environment, they are more willing and capable to undertake difficult, complicated tasks.  I work hard to frame criticism in a positive light, and to ensure an open, safe learning environment where students are free to be themselves.  Finally, I feel that all successful learning experiences are predicated on a foundation of respect\'97between the students and teacher, and between each other.  Working from a basis of care and compassion, students find themselves in a secure environment, ready to learn.\
\
\
I feel it is essential to address the needs and abilities of all students regardless of their individual skills or backgrounds.  Not all students come with wide musical experience, and it is important to ensure instruction is tailored to their needs.  Every student has the innate ability to grasp basic musical concepts within the confines of a well-organized classroom; the goal of any teacher should be to maximize the potential of all of their students.   \
\
I use differentiation to meet students where they are at.  I simplify and augment pieces of music to help students function at a comfortable proximal zone of learning.  }