{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue10;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c3922;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dear Sir or Madam, 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 My name is Sophie Creutz and as a certified K-12 music educator, I am interested in the band teacher position in District 203.  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 My philosophy of education is that every child is capable of finding their own personal success. Education is not just about teaching content.  It\'92s about teaching passion, enthusiasm, excellence, and good citizenship. I aim to tailor my content and instruction to reach every child and his or her community in a lasting and meaningful way.   
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 My professional experience spans High School, Middle School, and Elementary School in urban, suburban, and rural districts. I have experience ranging from private lesson instruction to group class and ensemble direction.  My classroom experience is extensive, including work as an orchestra director, band director, and general music teacher.  In each classroom situation, I have adapted to the demands of the environment and the students, using creativity and hard work to come in and create a program and enact a curriculum that works.  Outside of the classroom, I have been privileged to take students to festivals, performances, and on field trips.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf3 I admire District 203\'92s commitment to making music education accessible to everyone. I respect their attention to having the resources and support a teacher needs to succeed in the classroom and for every student to have access to world class teachers and education. I appreciate the intellectual and artistic community in Naperville, and it is my humble opinion that I would be an excellent addition to that dynamic environment. 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf3 Thank you for your time and consideration. \
Sophie Creutz\uc0\u8232 336-413-6015\
\uc0\u8232 BMUS Northwestern 2011 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf3 MMED VanderCook 2017 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
}