{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hello Lori,\
\
Thanks for getting back to me.\
\
I have had a very hard time figuring out how to tell my story, as it is such a difficult and long one.  But I will do my very best.\
\
The gist of it is this \'97 I am currently on medical leave from my district due to stressful circumstances.  My school is a one school district.  It is a K-8 school consisting of 160 students total, and there is a district policy in place that any and all correspondence leaving the district must go through and be approved by the superintendent.  This means that there are two Assistant Principals (of which David Nitka is one) and a superintendent (Jenny Wojcik), and even communications from the AP\'92s must go through the superintendent.  This might explain the identical responses you received.  \
\
At the end of January, a teacher reported a false claim to administration that I had \'93pushed\'94 a student.  I was horrified and blindsided by this claim, as it is antithetical to everything in my nature and everything that I stand for as a teacher, as a musician, and as a human being.\
\
I have attached the written rebuttal which the teacher\'92s union helped me to submit, as it explains the situation further.  \
\
Unfortunately, the administration (the superintendent) chose to take this claim seriously.  I was suspended, an \'93investigation\'94 was conducted, the nature of which I have no knowledge of, and at the conclusion of this supposed investigation it was concluded by the administration that I had indeed pushed the student.   So, this false claim was put in writing.\
\
Also, as a result of their finding, I was allowed to return to work and to teaching, but was allowed absolutely no student contact without an administrator also present in the classroom.   This means that one of the two AP\'92s, the retired assistant principal, or the superintendent was also in the room with me during rehearsals, lessons, and classes.  I was not allowed to speak about the incident to any students, parents, or other staff members, nor was I allowed to explain to students why there was another person in the room.\
\
After 6 weeks of teaching in this way, I tried to negotiate a way to return to teaching normally, but the administration refused and would give no reasons or timelines for the removal of the surveillance.   I asked the union to intervene, but they were unable to cause any change either.\
\
I did everything I could to turn this negative situation into a positive one.  I tried to involve the administrators when they were in my classroom as much as possible.  With David Nitka, I was actually able to get him to create a project like the other general music kids did, and to even play the ukulele a little bit.   I was grateful and happy that more people in the school would be a part of my program, and that they would get a chance to see the fun, exciting, and wonderful things we were doing in music classes, and to really see what music education was all about.  They often expressed excitement, interest, wonder, and praise after actually having seen me teach.  \
\
Unfortunately, however, after 6 weeks of this and no change, it began to feel unbearably oppressive.  I could not understand the administration\'92s fear and lack of faith in me, and the creation of a narrative where I was seen as someone who could possibly be considered dangerous to the very students I cared so much about became intolerable.  I made the difficult decision to go on medical leave.   To be clear:  I have not resigned, nor was I asked to resign to avoid being fired.  I am on leave of my own volition.   \
\
I hope it is clear that I am a capable, passionate, talented, and qualified educator who wants nothing more than for her students to succeed, and I am just seeking an opportunity where I can be allowed to do just that.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This difficult situation is not a reflection of any aspect of who I am as a person or an educator.    It has been so immensely challenging figuring out how to move forward after having faced this, and I hope that helps you understand how I was not sure how to broach the topic with you.  I figure, at this point, all I can do is tell my story, and hope that those who matter and those who care will be able to see the truth.   \
\
Also, I highly recommend that you reach out to the other references listed on my application, as they would be more than happy to vouch for me.  Let me know if you need their contact information in more detail or listed here again.  \
\
Thank you for your patience and understanding.  \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
}