{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Finally, can you draft an introductory letter Marie and I can email to parents? In that letter you should provide some background information \'96 both professional and personal. We would like to email your communique to our respective parent communities first thing\'a0Monday\'a0morning.\
\
Hello Band Students and Families,\
\
My name is Sophie Creutz and I am so excited to be taking the helm of the band program for the rest of the school year at Seth Payne and Spencer Loomis   My background is as a saxophone and clarinet player and teacher, and I\'92ve been playing in and working with bands for about 15 years.  Band is absolutely my favorite thing in the world \'97 it\'92s fun, it\'92s interactive, and you get to make music with your friends!   There\'92s really nothing better.  \
\
\
I got my education from Northwestern University and VanderCook College of music, where I received degrees in both education and performance.  I am super excited to bring my expertise to District 95, and to get to know all of you, as well.   I hear fantastic things about all the band students at both schools already, and I\'92m looking forward to hearing all of you play.      \
\
If you have any questions for me, or just want to reach out and say hello and introduce yourself, please do!  I\'92d love to hear from you.  \
\
Best,\
\
Sophie Creutz\
\
\
\
\
}